[DOCS] Adds conceptual overview for influencers (#756)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/anomaly-detection/influencers.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[[ml-influencers]]
=== Influencers

When anomalous events occur, we want to know why. To determine the cause,
however, you often need a broader knowledge of the domain. If you have
suspicions about which entities in your dataset are likely causing
irregularities, you can identify them as influencers in your {anomaly-jobs}.
That is to say, _influencers_ are fields that you suspect contain information
about someone or something that influences or contributes to anomalies in your
data.

Influencers can be any field in your data. If you use {dfeeds}, however, the
field must exist in your {dfeed} query or aggregation; otherwise it is not
included in the job analysis.
////
In the case of the {dfeed} query, influencers must exist in the results of the
query in the same hit as the detector data.

> TBD: Why? 

Reviewer: This is because when the {dfeed} processes the data, it does so by paging through the results. We try to use `doc_values` when possible, but those `doc_values` are tied to each search hit. Since search hits cannot themselves span multiple indices/documents then the {dfeed} cannot. 

It is possible that influencers and detector data are from different docs/indices when using aggs, both indices though must have the same "time_stamp" field configured.

Author: > ... both indices though must have the same "time_stamp" field configured.

Do you mean that the field has to have the same name?  Or format?

Reviewer: same name. Aggregations work by aggregating on field names, and that field name must have the same type (date in this case).

Author: Thanks, @benwtrent I've added that information in the following sentence: "However, both indices must have a date field with the same name, which you
specify in the `data_description`.`time_field` property for the {dfeed}." If that needs more tweaking, please just let me know!

On the left is a list of the top influencers for all of the detected anomalies
in that same time period. The list includes maximum anomaly scores, which in
this case are aggregated for each influencer, for each bucket, across all
detectors. There is also a total sum of the anomaly scores for each influencer.
You can use this list to help you narrow down the contributing factors and focus
on the most anomalous entities.

You can also explore swim lanes that correspond to the values of an influencer.
In this example, the swim lanes correspond to the values for the 
`customer_full_name.keyword`. By default, the swim lanes are sorted according to
which entity has the maximum anomaly score values. You can click on the sections
in the swim lane to see details about the anomalies that occurred in that time
interval.

TIP: The anomaly scores that you see in each section of the *Anomaly Explorer*
might differ slightly. This disparity occurs because for each {anomaly-job},
there are bucket results, influencer results, and record results. Anomaly scores
are generated for each type of result. The anomaly timeline in {kib} uses the

> bucket-level anomaly scores. The list of top influencers uses the

Reviewer 2: Maybe too much detail than is needed, but note the 'view by' swim lane uses the influencer results if viewing by influencer entities, or bucket results if viewing by job ID. This section only mentions the Overall swimlane in the anomaly timeline (which does use bucket-level scores), the top influencers list and the anomalies section.

Author: Thanks, I've added a sentence about the influencer swim lane scores!

When anomalous events occur, we want to know why. To determine the cause,
however, you often need a broader knowledge of the domain. If you have
suspicions about which entities in your dataset are likely causing
irregularities, you can identify them as influencers in your {anomaly-jobs}.
That is to say, _influencers_ are fields that you suspect contain information
about someone or something that influences or contributes to anomalies in your
data.

Influencers can be any field in your data. If you use {dfeeds}, however, the
field must exist in your {dfeed} query or aggregation; otherwise it is not
included in the job analysis. If you use a query in your {dfeed}, there is an
additional requirement: influencer fields must exist in the query results in the
same hit as the detector fields. {dfeeds-cap} process data by paging through the
query results; since search hits cannot span multiple indices or documents,
{dfeeds} have the same limitation. 

Influencers do not need to be fields that are specified in your {anomaly-job}
detectors, though they often are. If you use aggregations in your {dfeed}, it is
possible to use influencers that come from different indices than the detector

> fields. However, both indices must have the same timestamp field, which you

Author: ```suggestion
fields. However, both indices must have a date field with the same name, which you
```
